she gained prominence in the national media after attending an audience
the legislative assembly of the Great Northern River last week in
plenary made an account of the life of a 'teacher' in the Great Northern River
exposed the reality that goes on inside and outside the classroom
Yes, it is from the point of view of those who live with those who persist
in favor of education
amanda gurgel portuguese teachers thank you for accepting our invitation
for those on the tv network but there are a lot of people getting interviewed drills
they call ocepar there
A little bit, the prestige of his to speak in the legislative assembly shows
over there
as people have many numbers
and as I always say with the numbers are irrefutable I would also like to
present a number to start my room
which is a three-digit number that is very different from the numbers
other numbers that were presented here with so many digits
what's my salary number
There are nine the three on a holiday.
nor basic salary
amanda you have no shame in exposing your paycheck when
you make it difficult with all the words
now you would imagine that when you
in this land of bench talk of those deputies talk to people too
who were listening in every great river of the north
the repercussion would be
so big
pm
This is the most I imagined
even because with the keep in place I have not spoken
always harris that my routine routine are not mine
but of all our category
I never imagined that it could cause so much repercussion
one thing that is so obvious
I do not believe that
whichever is relevant
not have been the fact that several of these considerations have
been made
in that space that remains of the legislative assembly ms in that session until
because much has already been said about the quality of teaching about
difficulties you have
beijing has basic structure inside classroom outside too
but if there was much talk in the matter but the staff than the 'teacher' passione
I also just got back from school inside the classroom on the back wanted to
look for another job because only you can not live today
you imagine seeing if you had already five points opened the accents and
could spontaneously speak if he / she spoke
we had problems
spontaneously because it is so
is to recognize what we talk about daily in schools in the
time of the lethal interval than the people
speak of the tired
in the diary routine that you have to fill out
it in the class that has to prepare of the proof that has corrected work that has
to propose
then one of the buses that has to pick up then
lastly that preparation was only
talks about the routine about reality I do not think we can change something
girls
It's the best of everything without your report.
I did not believe I saw much more repercussion
I believe that yes let people buy does not want not just one
mobilization
only in virtual space
if all those people who are identifying with what I say in that
in that video that I said in that assembly
with this team identify with this song that I
said further
then these people need to transform
this feeling in action that beans collective action
and not because of the side
an artisan of all categories organized for the
in the conquest of their rights to repercussion on the internet was enormous
nor is today just what is spoken on twitter and other social networks you
even has no other part as I already tried a known facet network and
I realize that they already have profiles with their name yes I knew I was worried
inclusive and
and I do not do not participate in these rules
it's ironic to peic mind
the flamengo faced in the time henrique may not have much cpf of who
It's not part of this world, it's funny here.
you certainly messed with a lot of people, and there are a lot of people admiring
moment and that's why you're here today to talk a little more to these
Filipino people until I finish this process I do not know what you want
say what you want to speak prass not only for those students who do
part of the term but like all others who participate
in the municipal network of today's state network also has many difficulties
your teachers
I would like to say that
none of this other than what I have exposed there in the form as exponent
it would be possible
if I did not have 90% of my category of which I am very proud to have a strike in that
time
so you say that
this way we should stay
until the governor rosalba
has the ability to present a proposal that meets our
claims
it is no wonder that we have in terms of the organized action category should be
inform to be present until then has no liquidity continues and accompanied
in this strike was forced by the participation amanda
Thank you very much month and awaits discussions.